docs: update troubleshooting to include transitive dependency section (#341)
callstack/react-native-brownfield: docs/docs/docs/guides/troubleshooting.mdx

The brownfield Gradle plugin adds both directories to the source sets, potentially causing a conflict of artifacts. To fix this, just once clean your build directory (precisely, the `app/build/` directory) and rebuild the project. All subsequent builds should work fine.

## [Android] Transitive dependencies not being auto resolved

Installed third party packages like `react-native-screens` or others, may rely on transitive dependencies in their `build.gradle` file. These dependencies are not auto resolved by `brownfield-gradle-plugin`. This is an intended behavior in bare React Native apps.

For Expo apps, this should work out of the box.

To make it work with bare React Native Apps, you have two options:

#### Option 1:

> Add those dependencies from `react-native-screens/build.gradle` to `yourbrownfieldmodule/build.gradle`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add those dependencies from `react-native-screens/build.gradle` to `<your_brownfield_module>/build.gradle`:
```

```kts
api("com.google.android.material:material:1.13.0")
```

#### Option 2:

> Add those dependencies from `react-native-screens/build.gradle` to `nativeapp/build.gradle`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add those dependencies from `react-native-screens/build.gradle` to `<your_native_app>/build.gradle`:
```
